Help! Help! Help! Help!
Breeze, you are an adult
well known
The smoke from the fire was hot and dry
If you inhale a large amount before death
It must leave a mark in the throat
That is to say
The two men did not die in the fire
But before the fire
Died unexpectedly
What? And according to the file
My second uncle Qin Yuantu is stealing property
Arson
Waterfall waiter Zhang Ji and his eldest son
He died in the sea of fire
What if the two died before the fire?
Adults even so
Even those with their own eyes can't wash away the salted fish.
After he parted ways with my father
In a hurry, I went to set a fire
Maybe he killed someone first
The fire was just set to drown the evidence, my lord
Destruction of evidence
Mr. Zhang
Then let me ask you another question. What question?
Since it was my second uncle who killed your father and then set it on fire
Then how did your brother die?
There's no smoke in your brother's throat
Which means it wasn't a fire either
And according to the dossier
After my second uncle came to Zhang Mansion
Stayed in the room of the deceased
After the second uncle leaves
That's when the fire started
This is the confirmation process with Lord Fu Yin just now.
That's right, then I'll ask you again
Who killed your brother?